[Home](.)

**What is this App?** 

The product to be launched is an app based investment platform that functions for superannuation. It would allow the common Australian with a minimum of $5000 in super to be able to invest their own money as they prefer, in a vast range of investment options. 

The app would act similarly to a share based trading platform, enabling an individual to pick and choose where they wanted their money to move into. There will also be an emphasis on the flexibility of investing, with options consisting of Shares, Exchange traded funds, and term deposits available. Customers could choose on a daily basis where they wanted to direct their money. 
For the less active or more cautious investor, there would also be the traditional option of placing the funds under the supervision of a financial advisory firm. This is what is currently done in the vast majority of super companies, and requires very little effort or interaction on the part of the member. How this app differs in this respect, is that the financial investment firm would make transparent investments that would be visible each day to each person. 
In an environment where more and more Australians are turning away from large financial institutions out of mistrust, total transparency is essential. Allowing each person to see where their money actually is on an updated daily basis would do a lot to instil trust in an organisation handling it. 

Typically, those people who wanted more flexibility in super and wanted to get out of larger companies would be forced to start their own Self-Managed Superfunds. While this works well for small business owners and people looking to invest in their own assets, it has several drawbacks that this app can rectify. Primarily, any SMSF requires a large amount of hands on management around investing and self-regulation of the invested funds. Often, SMSF's require an accountant or advisor to complete the paperwork, further driving up the cost of maintaining these funds. This App is designed to have the flexibility of an SMSF, with drastically lowered costs and minimal paperwork. 
The fees charged on each account will be twofold. A flat dollar based account fee that is universal across all customers. This fee will be charged on a yearly basis and aim to cover the basic administrative costs of running the app. The second fee will be deducted as a percentage of each trade or transaction that takes place on the app. I anticipate this being a huge source of potential revenue, as day traders and financial investment firms make changes quite often. 
The exact fee amounts themselves will be confirmed when an estimation of the overhead in maintaining the app can be confirmed. 
Maintenance costs of the app will be kept to a minimum, as all data and information is stored online. 
An automated Chatbot will be available to all customers around the clock, with the goal to answer FAQ about the app and its functionality. For more technical support, a small inbound contact centre will operate to take phone calls and emails from all customers.
In summary, this project is designed to incorporate flexibility and transparency into an accessible online platform for people to manage their money. I hope that it will not only prove to be a useful tool for people to maximise their retirement savings, but also promote financial education in the community at large. 
